how-to if you got hiv, say aids. if you a girl, say you with child—nobody gonna stoop down to try and auscult a k… ,i rilly don't cair do u? ,womp, womp. ,"i can find a lot of formulations to say what i want, and, plus, do it with an assonantial music almost total, with… ,philip roth's human stain: (jim) crow=kafka (v. faunia's amazing fantasia) just as nathan is and is not roth and silk is and isn't too. ,boycott abc? that's gonna put a big crimp in my posts! bigly! ,"also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history." so, of his 300+ nominations, trump admits… ,bis bald, bis bald, bis nicht zu bald! (britomart auf d) ,story of a jar (ws, of hartford, ct) ,"may ithaca stay always in your mind." --c.p. cavafy ,nadir #lipogrammaticaliambs #optionalpronunciation ,kimba wood! how long ago it was that kimba wood was last a big story! ,damn #lamar ,hannity! ,"...bring us on that way of pain, at last to portals which saints hallow, and far from this soil’s sorrow.” with no… ,and i to him: “i pray, by your high song — and by that god you did not know, i pray— that you will as conductor, f… ,domain! #iambs ,"...his codicil about my task thus says: i may not bring a pilgrim to his city. though his might’s ubiquitous, fr… ,"...climb salvation’s mount to that first orbit, to which i must not go. but if you will you’ll find at that hill’s… ,"...but going through, i’ll bring you tomorrow to souls who though in pain stay happy with it, hoping to pay back s… ,"...its day to tarry, so soon to finish. so i think it right that i conduct you, and that you stay wary. as onward… ,"...now plying his way through any town that it might harry, that wolf cannot avoid damnation, buying, through vic… ,i got at last to what you’d call a croup or boundary of that dark, dismaying hollow.... #fix #rrata (*-rrata) ,"...savior of low italy, that hound: our land for which camilla, dying a maid, and nisus, and his loving ally and… ,"...kill that awful wolf, who did not pity show. that hound, consuming not, such is its will, things of this world… ,"...hungrily, voraciously that wolf puts him away. marrying many animals bodily, it looks to go on doing so, until… ,"...for past that wolf can no amount of trying attain that goal; whoso will try will pay with his annihilation; hu… ,subfusc! just saying. #colorsthisaccounthasaparadigmforaslwmightsay ,"...but now look on that animal so bloody, to you i turn for aid, to you i’m flying. o horror!” “you must go this p… ,"...words that all who follow find a sound in which our own songs would sing with. if i might, i’ll say how much… ,for anybody who wants to know what lipogrammatical constraint is hiding among and shaping my posts on this account,… ,"...ilion to victory. but why do you avoid that joyous mountain, as though to climb you’d no ability?” “now art t… ,...it was good augustus, though his gods did not say truth nor know your christian trio, who was my king. my song… ,...“not a man, but mantuan, by birth” was his account, “born sub julio, but it was good augustus, though his god… ,rusty staub!!!! ,back did i go, back to that lowland dank; abruptly in my sight shows up a man, who, dumb so long, i thought would s… ,and as a man, who’d got just what his will saw as most worth wishing of all things, now gasps on losing it, a poign… ,sabina! ,...that wolf so ruinous to man was gravid! and i was too — with fright! i could not do what i was hoping for — to… ,...both full of fright, about how it its stomach might start sating, must stop—for what? a wolf, and i was pavid,… ,...i might laud, during that blissful dawn, but not so bright that i did not start shaking, on that road, at what… ,....upon its skin a rain of spots, which i, that bright and airy morning (as sun and star-companions loving god h… ,and lo! a cougar stood stock still, though plain its quick and light agility. no turning could pass it by. upon i… ,at last my body pausing for a span until invigoration from that stop could now allow it motion, though no plan cou… ,and as a man who pants hard, still in sight of billows which, almost, brought him to sink, from land looks back on… ,thus did that anxious horror, which had so brought churning with it, all that awful night, to my soul’s pool, dimin… ,i got at last to what you’d call a croup or boundary of that terrifying hollow, a bank of rocks which from a mounta… ,i cannot work out how it was, in sooth, that in that gloom awaking, full of stupor, i’d lost that saving road i too… ,if anything, it’s only dying could outdo that acrid wood’s malignity. but i will turn from horror, towards that goo… ,just halfway through my own trip in our living provisional, short world, i found that i had lost my path in dark wo… ,i think trump's tariff on aluminum (aluminium?) is a bad policy. i cannot form an opinion on what trump is doing ab… ,corral! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,fuck bump stocks. fuck ar47s. fuck guns. fuck nra campaign cash. ,lipogrammatical music: largo and adagio -- slow and sad -- but nothing happy, or nothing wild, anyhow. thoughtful… ,kinda missing proust actually. a guy (g. l. goff: bravo!) on oulipo's mailing list did a lipogrammatical translati… ,if you want to look at all of my translation of proust's first 9 paragraphs in 1 go (along with 2 translator's anno… ,...in combray at my grandaunt’s, in cabourg, in paris, in st. cyr’s, in astonio, and in various additional lands, b… ,i wouldn’t try to drop off again right away, i would pass most of that night in calling back to mind our way of living long ago.... ,i can follow all but no. 6 (bottom right).... ,but in vain did i know that i was not in faraway parts -- of which waking’s foggy oblivion would bring up for an i… ,...and, tucking my bunk comfortably with quilts, put roughly into its right position my washstand, my writing rollt… ,my body having spun about in a final twist, my guardian spirit, with an assuring warranty that all was what it was,… ,no doubt about it: i was truly up now. ,for without habit and having to count only on its own capacity and capability, it could not possibly do anything to… ,habit! skillful charwoman and maid, though slow as anything, who starts by allowing our mind to wait painfully for… ,...until habit, changing my curtain’s tint, calming my clock’s ticking, instilling pity into in my nasty angling mi… ,...staring upwards, anxiously vigilant also for any sound at all, and my nostrils worrying too, my torso pounding w… ,...—a locality in which my thought trying for hours to pull and twist around, to modify its own form so as to fill… ,...— that locality in which, without pity, an odd mirror with quadrangular supports, barring in its obliquity a jun… ,with no doubt of its crimson curtains’s hostility, as an arrogant clock, ignoring my sojourn in that room, would yack loudly away;... ,...in which from my first instant in it i thought it poisonous, morally anyhow, on account of an unknown odor, that… ,...or not that room at all, but in total contrast, a small room, with so high a vault that its spacious form was si… ,morass! cavort! iambic additions. (if only that was iambic. if only "amphibrach" was an amphibrach. (if only "was" was right)). ,i think, which shows that i am. but shows whom? i think that it is i whom it shows that i am. that i am whom it sho… ,...—haply that louis xvi room, so gay that i wasn’t too unhappy in it, not on my first night nor on any night, its… ,...rooms in which your dormition is practically outdoors, similar to that of a robin bobbing against light wind on a point of light... ,...or, during hot months, rooms in which you long to join with night’s moist warmth, in which moonlight shining on… ,...a warm grotto, a hollow, a room within your room, a patch burning hot within it, its snug contours blown by slig… ,...months of cold in which, with combustion going on all night in your hob, you can stay dozing in a giant coat of… ,...just as birds do, by continuously piling scraps up; months of frost bringing a kind of joy out of glacial cold,… ,...rooms bringing back frosty months during which i’d go plunging down, scalp first, into a warm burrow comprising… ,but i had got to look again on this or on that of various of my rooms, rooms from my past, and i would finish by br… ,...a host of suppositions comprising that doubt, just as, watching a galloping stallion, you can’t fix on any of it… ,such rushing limbic confusions would last only an instant or two; mostly my short doubt about what locality i was n… ,...this room in which it must turn out i was dozing and not gussying up for supping, from afar i saw it, on coming… ,it’s a dissimilar way of living that occurs at tansonton, at madam of saint-loup’s, a dissimilar joy that i find, g… ,for combray was far, far away from that, far, far past, combray at which our walks back would occur by an hour that… ,my god — it’s past 10:00 p.m. — no supping now! that’s what my prolonging too long my daily twilight nap did, a na… ,at that point, i would find, born again, and brought back to mind, a contrasting position of my body: my wall would… ,....faraway days that right now i thought actual, without having to stir up again any particulars of such days, as… ,i'm kind of too down to post proust today. back tomorrow. now just raging against tax malform, so to put it. #disgusting ,...an oil-lamp in moravian glass, its form that of an urn, hanging from my room’s top by chains, its duct of stony… ,my inquiry too. it looks as though this platform has no standards -- that rt this morning was appalling, ,i was at my grandpa’s country lodging, my grandpa, now long in his tomb, and my body, its flank on which i lay, fai… ,my stiff flank sought to work out its position in its narrow room’s compass, imagining (this can stand for many suc… ,....what i had thought about as i would start drowsing, which i would find still in my thoughts on waking. ,...it—my body—could summon up for all, individually, by what kind of couch it was, or at what location you could fi… ,thanksgiving! #lipogrammaticalholidays. coming soon: hanukkah! christmas! kwanzaa! ,and prior to my thought’s twigging again to what lodging this was, by bringing back to mind parts of what it saw ci… ,...and walls with invisibly changing locations, changing according to how my body was imagining its room’s contours… ,thinking back on what was past, thinking in and through its flanks, its joints, its scapulas, my body had room upon… ,my body, too stiff to shift, sought, following what form its languor took, to align its limbs’ position, so as by i… ,anyhow it was always so, that waking my mind, anxious to find, in vain, just what location it was in, all would tur… ,possibly that immobility of things around us is a function of our faith and conviction that any such thing is what… ,...i would jump past civilization upon civilization, and looking, at first with confusion. on oil lamps, on my shir… ,but a flashback—not of any location i was, but of a handful of locations i had, and might still, inhabit coming in… ,...a kind of participation in primary actuality as it was, as it might churn far within an animal’s soul; and i was… ,but all it took was that in my own cot, my own dormition’s profundity should allow my mind to go slack, and so waki… ,and, his sight coming back, such a man will think what surrounds him is what did surround him months ago, in a distant country. ,our only (not-so-good) solution is dropping a common siglum or sign in writing and posting. i find that doing so ca… ,if that man conks out in a highly unusual position, as in a post-prandial nap in an armchair, a total shuffling and… ,or, all too plausibly, alas: if you allow us a tiny, tiny bit all of us will kiss your ass on most things. ,...not knowing what hour it is, it might look to him as though it was only just now that his couch had drawn him into its warmth. ,...all that has to occur is for his arm to lift so as to shadow him from sunlight and at that first instant of awaking, not knowing... ,...a nap waylays him in a bodily position too dissimilar from that which is habitually his if dozing, all that has to occur is... ,...but a muddling, a rupturing, of that ranking of hours can occur. if towards morning, following a bout of insomnia, lost in his book... ,waiting for antifa! ,looking to that chain by instinct, on waking, such a man can fix in an instant what spatial point is his, how long his dormition was ,a drowsing, unconscious man holds around him a chain of hours, a disposition of annual circuits, of worlds. ,bit by bit that haunting flashback would vanish, consigning that fantasy girl to oblivion. ,....wants to look in actuality at a city long thought about, wistfully. ,finding that woman again, as a tourist might who, imagining that truth could match an illusory charm, wants to look in actuality at... ,if, as would occur, i saw in that woman any traits of a woman whom i had known in truth, i would aim with all my might at this goal: ,...this woman whom just instants ago i had had to abandon, my lips still warm still from kissing, my body aching with that body’s mass. ,robust! a constraint-conforming iamb! first to occur to us in many months! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,...sought to join with it: and i would jolt into waking. all humans now would look distant and unimportant in comparison to this woman... ,my body, which would warm to a warmth i thought was not within but without, which i thought was in that woman, but which was my own, sought ,a product of that climax i was about to savor, it was this woman who i would think was its origin. ,...a woman was born, as i lay unconscious, from a slightly off positioning of my thigh. ,it might occur that, similarly to adam giving birth to a woman from his rib, a woman was born as i lay unconscious.... ,....i would pull my pillow down on my scalp, prior to going back into night’s imaginary world. </3rd par> ,... from that avuncular, curl-pulling pair of hands, but out of abundant caution i would pull my pillow down on my scalp... ,oblivious, in my stupor, to that important shift, i would find it again as soon as i could squirm away.... ,...a horror dissipating that day -- which i took as an important boundary-crossing in my growing up -- on which my hair was cut short. ,nach h.h. (murmur rock is what folks call it) ,....still finding, or coming upon again, this or that of my childhood horrors, as that of an avuncular pulling of my curls.... ,or again, drowsing, i had found that i had slid with facility into atavistic days from my archaic infancy... #modification h/t david zacuto ,or, again, dozing i had found that i had slid with facility into atavistic days from my archaic infancy.... ,....of which i was only a small part and which i sought to join again, unconscious again. ,...for tasting, thanks to a conscious flash, that torpor in which all was sunk — room and furnishings — of which i was only a small part... ,soyinka too: no doubt about it: lipogrammatical constraints on winning can work, but nothing is forcing you to go to ishiguro. ,"i am almosting it." #lipogrammaticalquotation ,or thomas pynchon.... (toni morrison was good, though.) ,...just sufficing for audition of that organic sound of woodwork crackling, for looking around to try to fix obscurity’s whirling dark... ,dylan? ishiguro? you could fulfil a lipogrammatical whim by going to roth or marías. nabokov a past possibility. (modiano and saramago good) ,i would fall back into dormition, and any wakings to follow might only last an instant, just sufficing.... ,"moron" #moron ,....to wait all night, sick and in pain, without mitigation. /#paragraph 2 ,it’s midnight: gaslight off, corridors void of any staff who could bring aid and no possibility now but to wait all night, sick and in pain ,fuck guns. ,"solitary, poor, nasty, brutish and short": all apply to @potus, that last to his stumpy digits anyhow. not poor? ok--show us your tax docs! ,...that ray of daylight which had lit him up now vanishing. ,that anticipation of quick support grants him a valorous capacity to absorb it all. lo! rapid walking coming his way: coming… and going... ,its staff is up now, and just ringing will summon aid, bring him comfort. ,...looks down and is joyful at a ray of light shining through from his door’s bottom. what luck — what a good hour! morning so soon! ,almost midnight. that instant that a sick man who has had to go on a trip, lodging at an unfamiliar inn, waking in crisis, looks down,... ,you might know what "foggy bottom" is an allusion to. but now i plan to call @potus (in honor of his posting location) "soggy bottom." ,lipogrammatical larkin ,i would push my own maxilla against my pillow’s, rosy and vital as that of our childhood. i struck a match to look at my watch. ,with companions, and to parting salutations, still following him through night’s hush, thanks too to coming back’s sugar-silky mild harmony. ,following a small road which would stay in his mind thanks to his agitation about unfamiliar districts, unusual actions, thanks to his talk ,...how spacious night was, how void its blank, vast plains, through which a solitary pilgrim would rush quickly towards his station... ,far away, a train’s whistling would sound, just as bird song in distant woods might, thus indicating how spacious night was, how vast... ,in my mind i sought to work out what hour of night it was. ,... for my mind, to which it would look as though it had nothing causing it, a thing which my mind could not grasp, an obscurity truly dark. ,i got my vision back right away, and i would gasp at finding obscurity all around, winning and mild for my vision and for my mind to boot... ,unmooring from my book’s topic, i could apply my thoughts to it or not, according to my wish;... ,but shortly it would turn baffling, as baffling as thoughts of living in a past world do following a transmigration of souls; ,...but would blind my vision and stop it from taking it in that my lamp was not burning still. ,surviving, for an instant or two, my own waking, this illusion did not look shockingly irrational at all... ,...a church, a musical composition for four to play, or francis i’s rivalry with joanna and philip of spain’s son. ,although unconscious i had still thought about what was in my book but my thoughts took an odd turn; i thought i was what my work was about! ,i would want to put my book down--i thought i was still holding it in my hands--and to blow my lamp out; ,and, in about a half hour, thinking i should now drift off, i got up! ,long ago, i would couch at a good hour. on many occasions, my lamp hardly out, my lids shut so fast i couldn't think "i am drifting off." ,proust's law aka "law of constant composition." and bc proust was constantly composing, a dandy fit. which is a moral of both prousts' laws. , ,a bit of bobby burns ,a bit o' bishop, not so flowing, not so flown. ,mourning song (by wsm) who would i show it to [calling it by a synonym, and its author by his initials, but not changing its body at all] ,and adjuncts hang, that administrators may hobnob. ,"songs bring back to us old ways of living / how it was in days now lost." --"song" sort of, by ja. happy 90th! ,to a pal who said i should look up a pal i rang him up whilst touring timbuctoo — that bosom buddy who knows you as: “who?” --h/t xjk ,an incarnation of an actual composition by him whom i must call julian (or pbs). ,#fix last post had an opacity in its titling. i don't know what i was thinking! ,dylan thomas, bumped up a notch. too long to avoid a photograph. ,photo b/c too long for a post and i couldn't hack its typography anyhow. odd ppacity of cummings' first two initial… ,o atlantic wind, how dost thou blow, and thy small rain down can rain. o christ, for my woman in my arms, and lying in warmth again. ,1/ just turn my way and look at that which shows what will occur at last, and without fail. ,look – fog coming in, subtly, as would a cat. it sits looking at city and port in a hush of its paws til it withdraws. #rhymingsandburg ,stopping by woods on a snowy night by bob frost /1 ,a word for which iambic pronunciation is okay: "wassail"! trochaic pronunciation also okay but i always put iambic pronunciations 1st, okay? ,always glad if fascism fails! and i can fully support macron, or "macron" anyhow. his rival? not at all, in no way, non! ,may day! all kinds of ways! first of may! ,that fb post by @bnwlfsn, containing a translation of "daffodils" into crystal lucidity, is now public: … ,from lj. nb: this ballad is a lipogram in g, j, k, q, v, x, & z, though that lj post's introduction has a g (in lip… ,"how it always starts: i am airing my diamondback." -roy orbison in clingfilm, 1 slight modification for #quotation, but only slight. #fix ,mastodon? truly? okay. thanks a bunch, wbfu. ,if you want a pronunciation row: https://t.co/39uyd8yfyb (sorry about anything odd or off in this url) ,as donald j. milton says, "millions of spirits for his [trump's] fault" losing tranquility of mind, saving billions… ,it was a bright cold day in april, and all - oops! at 13:00 hours soi-disant "words" not in my wordhoard burst in, starting up much killing. ,it was a dark and stormy night. at which point killing upon killing began. #heyicandoittoo h/t scott martin ,#dtmfa (just hash-tagging, 'cos dtmfa.) ,oh, no! champion of oulipo (both kinds of "of") harry m., rip. ,strand boys? strand any and all willing to play for trump's inauguration, say i. b-boyscott. ,basically, trump is our bibi. using all of his playbook. a corrupt and crazy fox. two wild and crazy (and avaricious) guys. ,in ranting about flag-burning, is trump aiming at changing our constitution?no limits to what could occur. up to and including dictatorship. ,i am jonsing to corral a bunch of rattan to support my #lipogrammaticaliamb habit. ,fuck. damn. shit. crap. &c. happy birthday to @lipogrammatical. ,"uncouth matutinal jocularity"--s. sassoon, "memoirs of a fox-hunting man" #lipogrammaticalquotation (but singularizing originally pl. noun) ,whipsaw living, "vacillating b/w knocks and knick-knacks." --anthony t. #lipogrammaticalquotation ,"guffaw". i should look up its origin. anyhow, it's a #lipogrammaticaliamb. ,opportunity! post-victory trump will found trump prisons (tm)! taking all, from hillary to cruz to soros to lynch. ,talking of which, this account has no complaint about ron johnson joining w/ hillary clinton & donald trump in any tv arguing about policy. ,looks as though i can't undo an rt i put up wrongly - wrong account for that rt. darn. not that big a trumpian art though. ,trump = count olaf #cryingbaby v #crybaby ,via paul frank -- thanks! ,i am against this. what's this world coming to? total lack of constraint? ,how can i not say i'm glad that it looks as though trump v. clinton will go through, making analysis from this account an option. #not_bs ,"...flimsy nincompoops." --virginia woolf, mrs. dalloway. #iknowtoomany ,crossword. 10 down: "it's good in italy." _ o u _ _ l, without pausing: "youth" #buono ,hi, qi! hi, thumos! ‘lo, quay. “lo, loquacious quay of tricky loki. https://t.co/uu4k17wnrt (2/2) ,two haiku pictorial pun. loki, this is a haiku: loki haikuglyph. (1/2) ,colors of my rainbow: pink, gold, hyacinth, lapis, cyan, indigo, mallow. alias roy g. biv. #paulfrank #marymagin #lisacitron &c. ,w. (3 mars 1982.) ,down to only vowls, and all vowls. am i out? um... yup. ,similarly, obama should appoint sri srinivasan, who along with sonya sotomayor has antonin scalia's most important qualification, to scotus. ,whom to root for: hillary clinton? donald trump? marco rubio? john kasich? carson, cruz, bush don't qualify, obviously. ,12 months today. it's an odd loss or gap as though a radio w a lot of annoying ads but also a loud, charismatic dj & catchy songs, was off. ,(what am i gonna do? it's a link. so worth a click.) #oufilmpo. ,corral. #iambs ,"contagious" (a short work, by anton vowl): "luck / y / duck / y: / jo’s / sick! / so’s / mick. / “why / off?” / i / cough / at / matt." ,birds - not at nd now, but uptown manhattan. ,this is just to say that last night i put away cool plums that you had put away for this autumnal day. @bnwlfsn #fix ,"man is a film-going animal." --g. a. #fix ,proust's law aka "law of constant composition." and bc proust was constantly composing, a dandy fit. which is a moral of both prousts' laws. ,a car in front of us w/ vanity tag "adhd." slogans stuck on all blank spots. it was a ford focus. obscuring "ford" was "can't": can't focus. ,okay: unrhyming words (without going to awkward, clumsy, or non-standard pollysyllabics and pronunciations anyhow) "month," "sign," "quay." ,ord --> bos ,bos --> ord ,punning criminals do it again! abscond with all our library's ps1853's. "young goodman brown" is hard to find! ,#thisisacoup ,i think that last post might not totally conform to this account's constraints. ,eek! reemergence. events elsewhere ended, embers excepted. yes: depressed. ,ory --> lhr --> bos ,last day: j's birthday. croissants, mdl (old roman mosaic bird blog), lunch at bistrot v, packing, birthday food out. ,l's talk: lots of folks from old days & also a goodly quota of whack-birds. writing, talk w d about l's claims about wordsworth. out to sup. ,gun-jumping poultry-counting auto-fucking. ,walk w l, lunch with romanticist pals, l works on talk for tomorrow, snack w jim. bird and fountain, jdl. proust w d. ,lascaux show - worth going to, though a bit walt d-ish. it's a small grotto... a small, small, small grot-to. but fascinating to think with. ,low ambition day. sad about going. walk j to school, pick d up. saw this 70+ goatishly randy pair, at jdl. thumbs up! ,good food, rush to radiant gothic church for vivaldi, bach, albinoni. all window, bluing in music with fading of day. ,lunch with d, j, and amazing at, whom all of us saw at rond point 10 days ago. mdl: poussin and god. god wins that 1. ,catch up - dq back: missing top 3 spots by 1 touch. tant pis. fair for us to buy books, postcards, glass. lunch w cc ,dq off to nationals (this nation) way north of paris for a night. work with j. on his writing. work on my own "writing." friday was all art. ,piano out at p d p in 19th: 3 sonatas, including d. 958, an ontological proof of humanity's having no rival in music. ,catching up - not much thursday. just catching up, in fact. but i can do a bird blog photo. although it's from today. ,combray! proust's room. son lit! (bilingual pun!) quotation-trading w/ guy showing us around. swann's-way-bird-blog. ,low ambition day: walking, writing, film-going, to wit: mad max: fury road. which was not (look, i know i'm wrong) as fantastic as all that. ,tons of walking on brilliant day.philharmonia of paris (building and hall work, good acoustics, both airy and rich) for db doing fs sonatas. ,bird blog: jardin d'acclimitation. ,bright, sparkling, warm sunday. w ann & jim to jardin d'acclimatation & fondation louis-vuitton. ridiculous fg building, signifying $$$. but ,jim and ann land from boston. staying two blocks away. lunch @ ant with wings, walk to jardin of plants (#lipogrammaticalswitching), marais. ,graffito at subway station on way. and it was. walk past magical grand palais and cross crisscrossing lights of paris ,l to thracian show at mdl: d & i joining for lunch at thai spot. back to work for a bit. out friday night to at's fantastic murmur of walls. ,mdl. black slip against natural clay background: killing of priam @ his own altar. out to sup with marilyn h, linda g ,walk j to school. lots of military about, last 4-5 days, partout, holding automatics, walking slowly, looking around lazily à la r. mitchum. ,muggy day which was mainly doing nothing. walks with kids, 2 walks to two faraway shop shut for lunch (so i must back again at 4). logistics ,hot. various walks to various schools. big burst of writing to finish a draft only 11 days past final day to hand it in. not too bad, right? ,bad cold, so didn't go on a rando i had thought i would. lunch, proust's building (now a bank), parc that was his for walking. glorious day. ,long walk on parisian park on viaduct, astonishing in parts. out to suburb. bus back, fuss w fools at monoprix, subway to jim and ann to sup ,bright day. short for j = 5/8 holiday (3 x 20 + 10 post '45). walking, writing, phoning loan company. duck blog. #fix ,most of day doing sluggish work. may 8 = holiday = 70th of victory against axis. (vj day not important to paris.) out to suburbs to sup. tv. ,bright day. short for j, on account of 5/8 holiday (3 x 20 + 10 post '45). walking, writing, phoning mefa. duck blog. ,hmm. rain. j & d saw just-out comic book flick with all star cast and j lost his smart... communicator. i bought philosophy books. too many. ,j to school: always a joy to walk with him; tasks sans fruit; pick d up at jdl but can't walk with him (v. tasks, supra), back to work. #fix ,took mom to airport, train to jdl, lunch, unconvincing imitation of work, pick up j, unconvincing imitation of work ii, cook, tv, lights out ,and a print of jdl. it is not still a focus for aristocratic parisians in 1804, as n shifts all to right bank palais. ,rain, so off to show in marais about nb and paris. a ton i didn't know! how much of paris was his doing. coups. fury. ,fancy lunch at usually way too much to pay bistrot for l's may day birthday (and her dad's a marxist: it's all good) not bad cost, actually. ,rain. walk parisian viaduct/park to fair. bus to only show not shut for may day: giotto to caravaggio: fact of day: c didn't do crucifixions ,rain. wait. rain. 45' wait to go into orsay. rain. wind. but in it, a fantastic colorful glorious bonnard show. rain. ,spanish court artist show at grand palais. ubiquitous infantas. youthful work amazing. court portraits familiar. couscous by martyr's mount. ,bird blog, r domat. small palais w mom. lorrains. only full body van rijn portrait of artist. sis and family show up. ,today i was thought italian. #improving ,day looking at windows and gothic arch upon gothic arch, not only metaphorically, at our lady, 96k sw of paris. adams right: amazing light. ,go @kathapollitt! ,took mom to mdl, to show on victory with wings. stupid fight with guard. follow all that w/ rusulka. good all round, if you allow staging to ,mom, l, and j look at asian art. all of us go to louis xiv's gigantic folly, for musical fountains. worth it. back to cambodian food. wrap. ,pick up mom at orly: long wait (i thought i was tardy, but not. at. all.). lunch @ flat, paintings @ unrhyming hall, mdl: islamic art. #day1 ,sparkling spring day. south bank to thai lunch by mdl. back to apply for pupil loans for d. much worrying, but mass loan foundation says ok! ,to town to which good news was brought, as browning has it, to look at amazing 10-part world class work, by two 15th c bros. back to paris. ,today mainly driving to ams. long. traffic. wrong coordination on map (β = warning no human pays attention to). frustrating. but now in room ,catching up: sought to go to a film in morning; got day wrong. tidy flat, for mom. organ music at st s. walk to 14th to look at flat for aq. ,napowrimo, fafsa (ugh), mdl, haircut for j (anticipating mom), humbling (cross of philip roth & birdman: pacino good, but no 65), pizza, tv. ,hung around all day, but for walking to school with j, walk with l at dusk, groupon sushi - good groupon sushi -- at 8, and now: writing it. ,haircut! (my mom's visiting in 8 days, and...). walk j to school, d also, tasks at po, back for writing, walk with l around to various spots ,odd. ,and now its photo. ,okay this wo photo: warm, sunny. shopping, as d plays bball in jdl post class. d:bball:locals::locals:association-football:d. not bad. 1040. ,photo? ,hmm. two:four:six::two-thousand:four-thousand:six-thousand? ,okay, is it two colons? two::colons? ,that got through. this:to:this? ,okay, i think it's a colon:analogy thing. how about this? ,can i not post? or is it a photo thing? just trying. ,radiant day. walk with j to school, pick d up at jdl. 1040 for hours. not as bad as i was panicking about but not good. horror of fafsa now. ,today, long trip to cm's grounds & studio. many prints from japan. bright & airy. back to paris at dusk. not too bad. ,ok - catching up: to cliffs which cm did many paintings of & from cliffs to harbor in town hank cinq took. grand day. ,tour of msm. amazing. saw it again in pm on cloth about william and harold at hastings. stunning as hung now. surprisingly long trip to farm ,morning walking around ramparts of dinan. down to port and through 16th c byways. and off to lunch on non-kasruth major product of brittany, ,in brittany, dinan. old, old city. and its food! i has blinis, with salmon and -- glasswort! also known in kl: a guy is said to hang down to ,bird blog - jdl. spring days continuing. lots of walking, not much art, alas. off to normandy now, for walking & art. ,fantastic days: sunny & bright, & mild. had to transact stuff at us "mbc." (sorry - stupid pun, but what can i do?) romantic in its way, no? ,sunny morning. tourists not up & about but waking city anticipating tourist activity. kiosks going on display. livraison of wood for cooking ,catch up on r&r holiday - sunny so a bit of walking, a bit of writing too, start p. 2 of 1040 (not r&r), finish blanchot w/ d; start proust. ,hispanic? i am too! my claim outranks his, though my family had to go south to what's now iran in 1492, and finally back to bosnia thru ww2. ,kind of cold for april in paris. #notcomplaining marmottan: a fascinating show on "birth of intimacy," 16-20th c. privatization of ablution. ,to foundation custodia for show of italian drawings: buonarotti, titian, vasari, parmagianino, filippino lippi (this) ,bird blog, our lady of paris ,did a bit of writing, a bit of walking. almost no shopping - how contrary to local custom! indian food last night with 1st parisian groupon. ,so many months could work as national fifth-sign lipogrammatical month. and all could work for lipograms in k, q, w, x, & z. how about a ,napo wrimo a jogtrog instantiation of what it dubs april! concision! rhythm! and look: it's rhyming, yo. ,lots of walking: nd, jdl. snack w/ brilliant ta, from class i took long ago, who quit and now is in paris, a historian, following many jobs. ,can't say much about today. as not much worth saying anything about was going on today. math and huck finn with j. blanchot with d. walking. ,chants and "7 last words" at our lady of paris. so haunting. night falling, & twilit warmth rising, on arch and pillar and window, calm amid ,amazing how small a quantity of work i can string out. a box or two on form 1040? woohoo! worth a flick! a 1963 sd film. cg & ah. in: paris. ,spring forward! (yuch! what about snoozing forward?) indian lunch at madras, walk to mdl, italian statuary (psa: small donato is amazing)... ,18th c stuff @ curious cognacq-jay today, with christian lacroix additions balancing and highlighting 1700s kickshaws ,i walk by a lot of this w d most mornings, and had no thought to what i was missing: actual parisian history, not my hazy-lazy osmotic kind. ,danton & co. tour today: fascinating how compact it all was, small as a largish campus, various clubs jowl by jowl, much w/i 4 block radius. ,rainy and cold + i am sniffling from 1. long nap was good. lunch @ ant w wings (androgynous ant says ant-studying pal) with charming john b. ,walk j. to school. no school! instructor out sick. pick up d to go to lunch. wait for half hour, walk out, grumpy post to trip advisor. thai ,bird blog with our lady of paris, this morning. ,bird blog -- mardi. ,today? walk j to school. long divagation to pick d. up, via port royal, as i first had to go to shop handling amazon.fr posts. back to work. ,hand a man a gavagai & that man will gavagai for a day. inform a man how to gavagai & that man will know how to gavagai from that instant on ,sign blogging. ,lazy day, tooling around dumb links (but with sunny walks to both schools). blackhst (films cost almost nothing 22-31st). sluggish writing. ,salty kiss all-who-want-to-can-sing night tonight, & all who want to should want to. d & j sang too: an afro-cuban pop standard. fun for us. ,not obvious, but pollution in paris awful last 3-4 days. worst in world 3 days ago. no b-ball at j's school. public transport gratuit today. ,parisian bird blog: lots of occasions if tourists abruptly stop to photograph a thing on a building it turns out that thing's a bird! guilty ,so that astronomical sight, which i was so anticipating, was a giant foggy bust - its own dark, such as it was, contributing to our gloom at ,hank morgan (twain's conn [artist] yank) had two bits of good luck saving his ass: his astronomical timing and also that it was a sunny day. ,will it be sunny by 10:30? watch this microblog, as i watch our cloudy sky. ,cloudy - hoping it is sunny for tomorrow's solar-lunar-astronomical show. kids to school. shopping, washing up, laundry, cooking - in paris. ,sunny, warm. long walk in 6th, around stgdp. courtyards, cool & shady. back to writing, trying to anyhow, trying to go through silly patch. ,crow blogging, sgdp. 1792: hacking of 100's at just this point. looks as though waiting carrion crows want it again. ,3/17 - not much by way of st. patrick's day içi. by "not much," i am saying: nothing. mildly disappointing for kids. a mild day all around. ,lunch w/ j & c! high in any list i could draw up of low probability things. it was surprisingly fun. talk about j kaufmann. blanchot & math. ,fantastic potluck (food, company, talk); saturday night d was at a ball and not back till 4:00, so low-ambition day: fair but bought nothing ,but an anti-lipogrammatical day would work in paris, munich, london, &c. jan 27, '82, 8:18:28 am. alas, i will miss it. i trust j & d won't. ,also: show on roma @ pp. c 17 naughty. can you find mr. piss-on-ruins? a witty show, & moving. 1 room was sad drunks. ,so tonight all of us saw lisa dwan do 3 sb shorts: not i, footfalls, and rockaby. spooky and amazing. i had on my old sox #18 shirt, natch. ,updating from a day ago: lunch w/ @timothymurray, in paris for 4 days from ithaca: thanks tim! last vis-à-vis in 2001! d to cdg, & fro. mdl. ,sadly, today, π-day is not within any domain of approximating notational possibility for signifying what day & month it is in paris: 14/3/15 ,sunny as anything. lots of walking. mdl: this caravaggio! pick j up. it's cool how kids in paris do that 2-kiss thing ,walk j to school, pick up d at jdl... playing bball w a local who was, it turns out, proud of playing w a usonian. at night: 1st foil sports ,not too much: j to school. d has bud visiting from us. d & pal got to a brahms choral thing at a church i can't say. math & portlandia w/ j. ,bird photoblog: jdl ,not much today. d has a chum visiting from ma. j to school. shopping, writing, paging through books & mss, out to sup with d and pal. woolf. ,dazzlingly sunny (sun still low on horizon) ludicrously warm day. d up at dawn to pick up visiting chum from cdg. walk through varying paris ,bird blogging -- 13th. ,much walking. got a library card @ local city of paris library. local library has amazing books. took out 3. that notwithstanding: bookshop! ,orsay all morning. bonnards, picassos & pisssaros. snow and fog. (bright spring day in paris, though.) hilarious too. ,bird blogging - black bird in 6th. is it a crow? big, anyhow. day was: lotta walking: with j, with d, with j, with d. ,walk j to school, l picks him up, join d in jdl for picnic by fountains, pynchon film (not as good as book), back to flat: writing, cooking. ,parisian bird blog. ,...void & only notional look of having intrinsic worth.) school walks w j and d; blanchot & odd math; us mail finally, w nothing disastrous. ,lot of writing... on adam smith on macguffins! (tl;dr: £sd = financial macguffin worth nothing as such but with 3 functions of mcg including ,.@ r b f not all ducks. various birds, awaiting light and morning. cf. this supra-bookstall branch, cold but budding. ,lazy monday: first day both kids in school. a touch of writing, a lot of walking, blanchot w/ d, avian photos by nd. ,2/28 john ford @ local film maison (1 of many) w d: minor, truly good buddy film (2 guys riding on a mission) & sad. sup w own buds. #2ndfix ,trip by subway to suburb st. d. to look at world's first gothic basilica. structurally fascinating & also stunning. ossuary of much royalty. ,john ford @ local film maison (1 of many!) with d: minor, truly good buddy film (2 guys riding on a mission) & tragedy. sup w own buds. #fix ,long walk down south bank to jardi, um, of plants; walk back, cab to amazing production of scottish play, in a hangar in a magical park: <3. ,not an unusual day, though i got through a lot of fascinating probability stuff. & w/ walking around paris & doing a bit of writing pas mal. ,to school w d; a touch of writing; math & huck finn w j. lunch and talk w d, who is still sad (month 3). all walk toward mdl, d to foil sal. ,to school w d; fuss obtaining tix, lodging 4 my mom's visit apr; indian lunch in 10th; finish amok: good story; don't work much; saul. #fix ,to school w d; fuss to get tix & lodging for my mom's visit in april; indian lunch in 10th; finish amok - good story; don't work much; saul. ,not much today: walk d to school, do a bit of work, aid j in his writing and math, pick d up in jardins, blanchot w d, watch call saul. -30- ,tour (w/ bv) of prisons torn down or put to surprising work in 1789-93. grim & vivid accounts of capital punition. chocolat chaud to follow. ,mdl to look @ amazing van rijns (including stunning artist's own portrait as an old man). film: mr. "mallard;" sup w pals & kids; talk w mom ,basic day: art and tart = not bad. ,oh, also lunch with saghi at drizzly mount of mars, by his flat. got his just-out roman, which looks good but possibly trop slangy pour moi. ,day off for all (vacation for j, no class friday for d); working, hanging out, good bad film, vo: pandora & flying dutchman (1950), sup, tv. ,sunny lunch hour on a bright spring-promising day, paris. warmth within dazzling cool. that's a book that woman has. ,what i said in my last: walk d to class. work on prior, & antonym to prior, odds and & in fiction. now posting from jdl. dim, sunny morning. ,thanks for "saving" my last - as a "draft" i can't find. "don't worry," huh? hard to worry much about 140 chr$. will this post? who can say? ,walk d to school. fantastic divigation back, through 17th c jardin not far away. work. go w j to pick d up (his first day). lunch, work: day ,#lipogrammaticaliambs ,took d to sign up at ilcf for lots of dough. okay.... lunch and laundry. sup w/ sis and co., and visit to nd and also tall symbol of paris. ,in additional goings-on: long walk w/ sis & co to fail to find boat tours. all of us off to old prof's flat to sup. subway trap on way back. ,so d. thought it was cool to snap-flip his subway tix into trash, & today got a schooling - flics looking at tix on way out. a tourist trap. ,it was on my tv show, to a hard inquiry that i put, that brian williams told his first untruth. i got a lot of flak as first to call his bs. ,(visiting from scandinavia) indian food. night walk in rain around mount of mars (original toponym mons martis). #lipogrammaticalinformation ,oulipo show! of all things. including, naturally, many translations of la disparation. kids' aunt & cousins visiting. ,13/ii/15 j to school, walk w l and d to ilcp to ask about class for him - class will start monday. for a lot. j.l.godard's last film. in 3d! ,12/ii/15 walking & working. many walks in our vicinity. a bit of writing, including a silly ditty on lincoln & darwin. boring? not in paris. ,11/ii/15 bright & sunny. i didn't do much today. walking. a bit of brooding. writing. math w/ j. grumpy anabaric mailing (cf. lyra's world). ,10/ii/15 back to school for j today. our daily walk has us go by our lady of paris, on archbishop's quai. a thing for him to think back on. ,9/ii/15 if i thought pisa was spooky by night, it's that i didn't know it in daylight. odd and haunting. its tilting building was funny only ,psa --> ory ,ii/8/15 boboli sights, vistas, lawns, fountains, woodland paths, in back of palazzo pitti. massacios @ brancacci. bus to pisa. spooky night. ,7/ii/2015 saw giotto's wall-painting of his tuscan co-artist (in words) -- giotto puts him in his own paradiso. same building: amazing david ,6/ii/15 hard month to signify. anyhow: talk and lunch. big thing: buonarotti's david. truly, truly big. also humans still coming out of rock ,5/ii/15 san marco:amazing annunciation as you climb upstairs to monks' rooms. uffizi: sandro b, buonarotti. da vinci. cross arno to sup #fix ,and also: baptistry! in which that visionary of 3 worlds saw a mosaic, at his own fount, of an anthropophagic satan. ,lots of catching up to do: and i will back in paris in 5 days. i am now in arno's most famous city. today: duomo cupola & buonarotti works. ,ory --> psa ,last night, in ny. ,back to our constraint. paris 2/2. dropping j. off at school. kids pulling ids out of book bags (normal). military guards pulling automatics ,so, probably tonight. sadly hoping so, anyhow. day of slow-motion worry -- about my mom, whom doctors didn't call back, as much as him. did ,today: painting show, lots of walking, supplying j. with stuff for school. some writing; talk w/ my mom. my dad's possibly rallying but only ,didn't post last night (1/30) - thinking & talking to family about my dad dying, probably this thursday or friday. posting this fortnight is ,paris, january 29. i think i must put this in my microjournal too: my mom says my dad's prognosis is awful. tomorrow comfort starts trumping ,"'grand thaumaturgic faculty of thought'" #lipogrammaticalquotation of a quotation. but who's it from? that is, what original? nobody says. ,paris 1/28. not much today. did a bit of writing but am way laggard. math with j. book pickup at po. walk with j prior to supping. in paris. ,paris, jan 27. not obvious how my dad is. worrying. d still sad, on & off. kind of sorrow you find in 2nd month, which it is. forgot to say ,anyhow, paris, jan 26: casnav officially said doc i dug up "suffit" 4 school 4 j. what will that school say? po lost mail. l has a bad cold. ,#lipogrammaticalquotation is good at making you focus on tonal music in a work, things you might not (consciously) twig to. variation brings ,.@lipogrammatical ...shiny amazing tools & foucault's original swinging plumb, hanging down 28 m to show us our wild & whirling world. #fix ,paris jan. 25. my dad is doing not bad and might push through this (for now). anyhow today to arts and crafts hall. astronomical instruments ,paris, jan. 24. worry (going down a bit during day), writing, cluny (unicorns, amazing statuary). subway to 10th to go out w old prof/buddy. ,is it saddy arabia or gaudy arabia right now? #punscommasorry ,paris, jan 23. mainly didn't go out today but for shopping for lunch. blanchot w/ d; math w/ j. my dad in icu w flu in ny. #waiting #anxious ,paris, jan 23. mainly writing today - not going to finish what i must finish tomorrow. out at dark to pompidou. show on author of whack bird ,paris 1/21: math w/ j, blanchot w/ d. shopping, walk to night hours at mdl. 11th-14th c. carvings: virgin, child, stunning binding of isaac. ,up at dawn to go w j to find out what class to assign him to, in math and in bilingualism. but no proof of housing! which may scotch it all. ,morbi-yay! (j's witticism) ,"his day... was marching along..., jauntily, toward a climax, as a play should, as a day should." --f.s.f. #lipogrammaticalquotation ,#posting #following #morning #shopping #routinizing. gah! lots of participlizing. should find diff work-arounds. abbrvs? no, that's #chting. ,paris, 1/19. not much, though again i am posting following morning. shopping, work, math w/ j, talk w/ d. sad and happy fact of routinizing. ,subway to north station for indian food for lunch. walk to marais to look at proust's room. crowds. walk back to flat. soup and tv. jan. 18. ,jan. 18 - sunny south bank of... city island, gulls flying around, to mdl - mainly pavillion sully to look at ozymandias & ilk. food w pals. ,j, d & i go to mount of mars (i must & will do such occasional translations) for lunch w an old pupil living, working, writing & party-going ,i can't post? ,...to look at south window with its many touch-ups during its history. nt saints piggybacking on ot giants. joan of arc. tomorrow n window! ,jan 15, paris. morning rain & wind. work & walk to our lady of paris. bird within, soaring through its voluminous vaults. brought binoculars ,paris, jan. 14: long walk south to catacombs of danton and co. didn't go in, but will. j and l now (satanically) shod. d had fun with foils. ,paris, jan. 13. d's 19th birthday. took him to a bistro on tiny way 2 blocks away. champion champignon soup. (wild mushroom soup works too.) ,paris jan 12. low ambition day. writing (not much) math w j. long walk, to shop for plimsolls... for additional walking! too costly for us. ,paris, jan 9. scary. walking in tranquil parks (including stadium at which paris would start), distant clangor from all compass points. #fix ,(i know but if i'm to post photographs i can't but bow to that link format. it's not my fault. and aint that amazing annunciation worth it?) ,...both "curing affliction" - that plus convo w/ b & t. amazing 15th c annunciation i didn't know. bilan pour 11 jan. ,un soldat has a smiling look for j; but 7-8 of his companions grimly vigilant. mdl almost vacant, what with millions marching. art and food. ,logarithms with j; church with illustrious burials (s gdp); bookshop (camus and blanchot for d); army patrolling with tommy guns at pyramid. ,also, small and dazzling cups and bowls. subway back, math with j., and out for amazing and not too costly food -- could afford to go again. ,jan 10: l. waking a bit sick, all of us just hang out. long walk to pont d'alma. big "i am ch" sign at p d tokyo. asian art from angkor wat. ,...but an air of good humor only with difficulty put on and out. noonish, saw church pascal's tomb is in. ws & math with j. blanchot with d. ,things normalish now. took d to foil bouts: subway out with big oblong bag -- no curiosity at all. long walk back: bars full (friday night) ,partly on account of jumpy worrying all around. no survival of last days' good mood. population wasn't all charb & co., as most had thought. ,paris, jan. 9. scary. walking in tranquil parks (including stadium at which paris would start) with clangor echoing from all compass points. ,continuing: long walk to 9th to find foil training and practicing location for d. good coach. d. starts tomorrow. math and master ws with j. ,paris, jan 8 -- work, http://t.co/aqknxp7rdw, http://t.co/esfzy6s25q. old church, parts from 1300's. indian thali for lunch, chocolat chaud. ,paris jan 7. psychologically traumatic day, a bit similar to lockdown-day in boston 2013. and back to a similar approximation of normal now. ,well, this one is straightforward: attack was across the river from us, two blocks from the dojo we were looking at for j yesterday. #sirens ,paris jan 6. writing a bit, and midday post-prandial walk to nd (call it "our lady"? i think not.) 14th. c buildings on city island (sorry!) ,paris microblog, jan 5. 3 hour fail (so far) to sign j up for school. but that took us on an 11 km walk (out and back) to 20th. hard to top! ,paris january 4: riparian sobbing willows. didn't wait 1&1/2 hours for mdl - gratuit aujourd'hui. to grim show sur la collaboration. #2ndfix ,@rosebyfarjust a day by day micro-(b)log. but it's paris! thus no call to say our day was good. that it was good is practically a tautology. ,paris january 4: riparian sobbing willows. didn't wait 1.5 hour for mdl: gratuit aujourd'hui. to grim exposition sur la collaboration. #fix ,paris january 4: riparian sobbing willows. 1.5 hour wait (we didn't) for mdl - gratuit aujourd'hui. to grim exposition sur la collaboration. ,microblogging paris january 3: long walk to futball shop for d to buy a ball. rainy and warm. got two books. couscous and moonlit walk back. ,i may try to hit 140 +/- 0 on parisian posts. why? pourquoi pas? i am a slut for constraints, anyhow. this constraint is right for this url. ,jan 2: should post at night, not following morning. anyhow our day was croissants, waiting for bags, walking, buying books, indian food, tv. ,bush, clinton, bush, obama, and soon bush or clinton: sigh. as constraint-complying bully-pulpitists go, i would pick m. (but not a.) cuomo. ,mario cuomo, r.i.p. ,waiting around for ba to bring 7 bags. b/c how can you shift bags flight to flight in only 4 hours in london? otoh, 7 bags i didn't lug! ,january 2. got to paris! r. domat. cloudy. but: paris! you can visit mdl till 9:45 tonight. plus couscous. #dailysabbaticalposts #possibly ,happy hogmanay! my trip today, and this spring = bos-->ory. january 1-may 31, in paris, dv ,"brisk tact" --jj, that last story in his first book. ,oh my, look what month it is. no posts for so long. january should work. that is to say, it will. "january." #january and: march, april, may ,"it was snowing and it was going to snow." --13 ways of looking at a blackbird #13thway #today #11/2/14 #lipogrammaticalquotation ,franny and zoology! via @ishaantharoor ,if i had a half-immigrant, half-autochthonous yiddish-australian band i'd call it "marsupial chutzpah." #stupidamalgamationsoffunwords ,"phantasmal mirth." #lipogrammaticalquotation as w/ my last, i can't put down its author or his work. just quotations. #booksyoucantputdown ,"gold antagonist in air" ,"...lackadaisical cynic." --jim gordon, gotham ,"succinct" -- usually but not always an iamb. #lipogrammaticaliamb ,"flummox." (is that particular #lipogrammaticaliamb in a past post? if only hashtags brought lists of such posts up without gaps i'd know.) ,"captain crow... / shouts down his wild hullabaloo." --author of moby dick in long, long, long rhyming work. #lipogrammaticalquotation #oo ,constraints don't haunt lipograms; lipograms haunt constraints. ,cahoots! i know, i know - two o's is taking candy from a baby. (or balloons from a baboon?) but cahoots? what a word! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,"cocktails and jazz." --billy strayhorn #itsallgoodbutfortroughfull ,today's nyt crossword is a lipogram in n! ,"chagrin"! british or us pronunciation. #lipogrammaticaliambs - as i say for short. (as @bnwlfsn points out, a lot, any iamb is a lipogram.) ,what would rfk do? cf. indianapolis. #f-son, mo ,or, actually: noh-drama obama. #introduction #ruin #rush ,introduction, ruin, rush. #lipogrammaticalnohdrama? ,"a woman with an acrimonious imagination." --l's quick, spot-on summing up of a kind woman, but who has an acrimonious imagination. ,bos --> msn #lipogrammaticairportcoding #iswhatishouldaputinmylasthashtagcommadamnit #whygotoanycitynotinthatgroup? (sfo!) ,lax! lga! jfk! lhr! cdg! orl! ,a gostak is distimming my last bosh! (i am without any doubt that two m's is right for inging that word. ["inging," though, is doubtful.]) ,"its cryptic insinuations" --pynchon, atd, p. 551. #pallidtwilight #lipogrammaticalquotation ,oh, brazil! ,ysl (in list of mutual following) and l, looking at paintings at nat. gal. in washington, coin a good word: "godsplaining." ,go brazil! go for third! (now, all i must do is just find a sports bar with room to watch it.) #worldcupnonfinals ,happy 84th birthday, harold bloom. you & hartman rock, bulldog-school critics whom i can post about. hillis and co.? alas, no. #sarl ,oh why such paucity of notification? what randomizing twalgorithm puts only about 1/2 through? sorry for missing any communications till now ,champions of banality. (#grumpy) ,fracas! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,"groovy": #rightword. also nb: not much i can do about what t.co puts in its links. if i am to link, and i want to, that's how it has to go. ,larb has finally put up my analysis of that oulipo-curious quotational ghost story i think is just... groovy! ,"old onion bag"! sports broadcast slang for "goal." ,"i slid off my stool with gigolo alacrity..." --ross mcdonald #noirishlipogrammaticalquotation #distractionofnoticingthat #gigolosagoodword ,kafka's birthday! ,costa rica's win is just what this lipogrammaticist had to want! (pk's, too!) brazil vs. colombia is not as obvious though. usa still in it. ,@ r b f paris? too cool! "that brazil" is how that thomas pynchon would put it, in a running gag in that gravity's rainbow. ,fixing a slip-up from 6/4 (and razing original) i was _picking up_ on rbf's "on a roll." thus: with mustard! and catsup! and hots! and mayo! ,rootin' for that usa in that association football world cup sporting match in that brazil. #thatpynchonianthat ,.@ r b f with mustard! and catsup! and hots! and mayo! ,puttin' that kibosh on that stuff. #usingthatsimilarlytothatthomaspynchoninthatlongww2book #thatlipogrammaticalawkwardsubstitution #thatiamb ,haphazard lampoons. ,also "improving that last..." (#500, i might add!) also hit 140 right on its snout. #502 ,(and part of my point is: harpoon! morass!) ,improving that last isn't past wishing, but it did clock in at just 140, not >, not <, and using all 25 known symbols (thus: pangrammatical) ,a dactylic morass pangrammatical with jazzy intrusions unattical quixotically spoons with iambic harpoons to fork up a mild ditty vatical ,hot! humid! muggy! not so much as a month to go from blowing snow to sticky sauna. ,a macguffin's not "just a macguffin." it's what counts most finally, and has to show a significant payoff. which might turn out: this is it! ,what if you don't know just what's a macguffin? so that just that's what you look for, just that's what you want to find out? ,additional stuff about flic-flac: according to zootaza (a taxonomic journal, duh) comparison of copulatory organs... ,...shows it's not a similar tunisian arachnid, which can't jump. ,today's word? flic-fac (an amazing arachnid): ,totally colorful, vivid, startling words flash through my mind as i'm doing stuff during which i can't post (driving, &c.) only to vanish... ,…so that all i finally put down is in a vocabulary as boring as that of this pair of posts. ,"a kiln of antagonism." --philip roth on sabbath in today's nyt. ,caption for a comic painting? "dragoman bollixing tour." i dunno: just a way of using two cool words. ,"vainglorious!" that's a word for you. as in nj guv: that moping, vainglorious, criminal bully. ,cucurbits (gourds)! caryopsis! #whitmanianfruits ,dubloon. #00-lipogram! ,two guys right my 2nd to last (wish i could call it "forgoing," but): "a pint of plain is your only man" is in @ swim-2-birds, not 3rd cop. ,v. squdgy fox blankz jimp crwth. ,(i was calling brian o'nolan to mind, in i think his "3rd cop" in that post: his song with this chorus: "a pint of plain is your only man.") ,hmm - two months plus from my last post. oh my. what can i say? stuff going on is all. anyhow, mark two lipogrammatical iambs, both from... ,...pynchon's latest: wazoo and cahoots. pairing o’s is your only man. ,nothing but idiocy from gop villains, cowards and fools. all avaricious satraps of capitalism, void of brain but brown of nostril. #shutdown ,"purblind worldlings." --winston churchill. i know so many! ,and balloon (i think i said back a ways), and lagoon and monsoon. oon is an illustration that quantity counts and turns into quality. #iambs ,sashay. and did i say typhoon and tycoon? #lipogrammaticaliambs ,chagrin (us pronunciation, if not bbc). #lipogrammaticaliambs ,guffaw! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,mummichog! (a kind of chub or killifish.) found, abundantly, in brackish harbors. #lipogrammaticalnfo ,on muggy walk through an audubon sanctuary, a complaining j says that it's similar to nam though, okay, he admits, no vc. ,ghazal. lampoon. cahoots. #lipogrammaticaliambs ,just loving that still-hot twilight clarity a vodka martini affords. ,"i got shit to do too. important man shit." --billy bob thornton ,disgusting. #scotus ,"dingbat orthodoxy" --paul krugman #butdontworrynoquotingofdavidbrooks #gailcollinspossibly ,cigar! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,also: amok. in fact lots of #lipogrammaticaliambs in words with sanskrit roots. #inourcompounddrinkingpunch ,typhoon! i'm not talking about how it's storming now (though it is), but: #lipogrammaticaliamb ,j, surprisingly moody about turning 13 tomorrow, says "i think i'm having a mid-childhood crisis." us too. ,sort of similar to "whack" in mafia lingo. kill? or just upbraid? "i grow continually," as a hitman said, from fulfilling his duty to whack. ,but, as that giotti-trial stooly had to point out, many who got a whacking still walk around, doing ok, living and talking and working. ,caltrop. #goodlipogrammaticalword "stop putting caltrops in my path!" which is plausibly ambiguous: "mild obstruction" or "bomb." ,drizzling today, and so this was what i thought about, from way back and through various windows: ,ah, a long gap in posts on this account. not much to say, is what it is. air: humid. hour: midnight. it's all okay. ,again with a digital post: 98, for jason collins! and in honor of why collins took 98 for his uniform. #fix ,by way of liogrammatical notation of history as it occurs (or almost - a quick postscript anyhow): boston marathon bombing got us all down. ,and an additional digital post: 42. ,and while i'm at it, posting digits, i'll also say: today is form 4868 day! ,4-6-5-6-5-3-4 #3play #gum ,i think it's right and good that in my lipogrammatical world only lyric and dramatic fails can occur - that's as big as a fail can grow. #og ,wordsworth's birthday! a "spring holiday," an april morning, "with a bough / of wilding in his hand." #2aprilmornings ,2 + 8 + 7 + 14 = 165? if you insist, okay. #iwillprobablynotknowwhatthisisaboutifishouldgobacktoitandidoubtitbings ,"sang a harmonic-minor, smoothing into dark psalm"-thomas pynchon, with slight variation as will occur with worthy #lipogrammaticalquotation ,on this holiday night, & in harmony with its rituals of spring & birth, i wish to say to francis: "gut yontiff, pontiff." #fix #abitposthoc ,lagoon #lipogrammaticaliambs ,wtf? #amandaknox ,confusions of daylight savings switch - oddly it's not as far into today as i thought. light is kind of waiting around: for dark, for light. ,vanity tags i saw last day or two (kind of a good catalog for lipograms, usually): 4d ptrts (go tom brady), and 2moms (from nh! yay!). #128c ,so that last, viz #140c, is a touch iffy. " #140c" = 6 chr$'s! so must i drop to " #134c"? put both in? thus dropping 12 chr$'s? #128c? #0c? ,and that last post did too! but such a hashtag would pull a bit of #og (#omphalosgazing) along with it, contributing to what it marks. #140c ,what hashtag for my lipogrammatical posts which just hit that magical 140, as my last did (& as an artist i follow always insists on doing)? ,lipogrammatical translation of a post i did: j. marías, always a wag at onomastics (a playful onomast!), dubs flirtations' narrator "maria". ,driving back into additional snow sunday? whom do i complain to? #fix, a bit post factum. i was right to complain though. #93n #blowout ,"buffoon." #nofixlipogrammaticaliambs ,driving back northward into still more snow sunday? whom do i complain to? ,irl scalia could play mr. toad, and thomas his road kill. #visitingscotus ,final standing: d is 27th (out of 219) in junior olympics, u17. as his coach occasionally says, not bad. ,rip ronald dworkin. ,and now a virtual swiss mountain day. bright & warm so i could drink chai sitting in full daylit air, snow so dazzling it was warm not cold. ,it was snowing and it was going to snow. --ws ,snow within your chilly softhood/many hadn't lain/till now's dormition took what's conscious/i admonish you,... ,...wrap up warmly our companions/just now laid so low/as warmly as you do for old hands/will you, taciturn snow? #lipogrammaticaldickinson ,snow days for all! ,okay - so, as i thought: good-by iron! hi, cat! (an avatar i shan't pick.) #monopoly ,i can't accord with @skygak. i think hasbro will drop that silly iron from monopoly. though it did bring a flat, starchy calm. poor iron. ,sunday night (non) lights! #xlvii ,lunch with sir c., and all that that brings with it: saag, a gift of a photocopy and a book, vitality, quotation ,i think my writing vocation (such as it is) can & will look forward only to this in my ical, day in & day out: "visitor from porlock." #fix ,i think my writing vocation (such as it is) can & will find only this 1 entry in my daybook, past, now & on its way: "visitor from porlock." ,i am so happy to find that "fathom" 's root is a word signifying "hug". 6' = 2 horizontal arms, just about to. oh, spacious, spatial world! ,blanchot (among many surprising, fantastic downloads): thank you, @monoskop ,january 14. boston. 60 f. #whywouldyouthinkthishadanythingtodowithglobalwarming? ,wow. wow. araucaria's crossword on friday was him publishing, via its solution, his fast-approaching dissolution. #fix ,"a... cold-scrag-of-mutton sophism." --chas. lamb #hahamutton ,that things go round and again go round has kind of a classical sound. #lipogrammatical(mis)quotation ,vivaldi, scarlatti, bach, mozart, schumann, rossini, chopin, franck, stravinsky, branca, glass. whom am i missing? #lipogrammaticalcanon ,go a.c. milan! #stopracismforalways ,stay classy, gop: http://t.co/xyovou75 what is this, fury at sandy and its victims for boosting obama's polls two months ago? disgusting. ,b-but that fiscal cliff thing was such a good topic for this account. how to post about our coming crisis? "borrowing roof"? #omphalosgazing ,so long, casablanca! i didn't know it was closing. ,why, oh why, can't i attain to living now as though in that nostalgic past it will turn into? #mindasaconsumingorgan ,but i did get through what you could call a bunch of pynchon, so forth. ,almost 12:30, so i can stop sitting in my car in this no parking 11-12:30 t&f spot! #hourandahalfshot ,mt @icantsaywhomalas my mind’s blank. can’t think...nothing to say, nothing... must go on. i post only this word: skull ,@ r b f 1) hobgoblins. 2) is it irony you don't cotton to? -- or did you think that was a snooty put-down? 3) why is 12/18's #og ridiculous? ,@ r b f anton voyl can say lots of shit, all kinds of it, in this ridiculous world. ,that last was a #fix: i am going siglum-blind, it looks as though. ,occupy mla? i would but i'm lazy, & anyhow i got my own, jack! adjuncts & junior faculty can do it-i find it too much work. #omla @occupymla ,occupy mla? i would but i'm lazy, & anyhow i got mine, jack! let adjuncts & junior faculty do it - i find it too much work. #omla @occupymla ,"aigo bouido sauva la vido." (i am planning on making garlic soup tonight.) ,mt @rowanatkinson "thanks." (i am happy to rt that for him. and his thanks is implicit in his "thanks". #thankyouforrting.) ,(i do try to post what i actually think in this form, & forum: formulating thoughts according to my artificial constraints is thinking. #og) ,gun control now. ammunition control too, to start with. ,is "good to think with" good to think with? if so why not? and if not why so? or is that too obvious? if so why isn't it? if not why is it? ,fucking michigan. ,is it wrong, as an xy prof (which i am), to mansplain mansplaining to your class, as i just had to this morning? ,i am @ that odd crossing in writing @ which i know what i want to say w/ a clarity just sufficing for my not giving a damn if i say it. #fix ,@ r b f damn -- okay, #fix tk ,fiscal cliff? occasionally political discussion is just right for lipogrammatical posting! as far as topics go, anyhow. but what to say? #og ,i know i am not updating as much as i should. not daily, as was my plan. but this is my 365th! i began in march, so that's a good ratio. #og ,two-fold procrastination! blogging so as not to confront writing; and now? lipogrammaticizing so as not to confront blogging. #fix #minimal ,q. what can i do to justify putting off all this blogging i'm not doing? (blogging is my usual justification for not writing.) a. lipograms! ,"autumnal, mild" turning into autumnal, raw. global warming displacing snow's wintry warmth into a dull, ubiquitous gray. ,ghostly silt. suburb scrub. #larkin ,i just won't allow as to how rajon rondo could possibly be wrong. rondo? wrong? i think not. ,post-trip insomnia. #circadianrhythms ,tarry, rash wonton! stay, dumplings! amazing lunch at din tai fung prior to our flight tonight. ,thanksgiving in taiwan. (it's thursday morning now.) 12 months ago in roma, italia. thinking about thanksgiving from afar has its +'s. ,polar flight (from jfk-->osaka--> taiwan) = night turning into night, as in #darkcity. no distinction b/w prior to dawn & just past dusk. ,friday night, almost midnight, in taiwan. ,off to taiwan! #talks #thanksgivingabroad #2ndarygain ,dark, whirling autumn wind and rain, but gusting through air of an arcadian warmth. #autumninillyria. #spookyglobalwarming ,gosh, siri, thanks for changing my latin quotation (about sympathy and its limits) from "mari magno" (bing it!) to "mari mango." #suavity ,lincoln was fairly similar to skyfall, though its plausibility not as high. ,skyfall wasn't bad - fun, and with actors who can't go wrong - but just not a patch on first two craig-bond flix. homophobic? not obvious. ,obama. snow. disqus wars. grading. podcasting. talk-writing. all this stuff and so i just plumb forgot to post at lipogrammatical for a bit. ,hooray for the lipogrammatical victor! 1,461 additional days! #obama2012. forward! ,amazing how fast that hour can vanish! talk about *xy=1* form of discounting! a lazy sunday morning and months of pm dark. #obscuringfix ,@ r b f -- gotcha. thanx. #fixing. ,@ r b f: say on a bit? ,ind --> bos ,glad that in bloomington j-walking's normal. i am not coming off to my own mind as i too often do: an unwilling parody of law-abiding locals ,bassoon! also: buffoon! #lipogrammaticaliambs ,bos --> ind ,school again tomorrow, alas - having kids around going crazy, bouncing off walls, constantly wanting stuff, was so good, such a good thing. ,okay -- all storm windows down. now what? ,"...stumbling buzz..." ,hooray for strong aorists! i'm voting for obama, a potus i can post us about. a strong man plus a strong aorist = a good lipogram! #og ,reminding us of that notorious (and lipogrammatical) journalistic shout-out about film fashions: sticks nix hick pix. ,rt j_c: mitt's man mourdock mimics akin, mirroring a gop that is way out of touch ,oh, not much. just constantly clicking nyt's 538 blog, waiting for its authors and statisticians to say who's winning now, and by how much. ,wait, so polls mistook? san francisco is winning? go, giants! ,vo-mitt! (why is such an obvious pun not in circulation? anyhow: how sick-making watching him is.) ,"san francisco’s calling us." (cardinals and giants will play.) #b&s ,taught kids backgammon, hoping to win back cash subsidy (as i must call it in lipogrammatical fashion) automatically accruing on fridays. ,"snow-broth"! ,i think, alas, i am most drawn to doing work worth doing, but not worth doing right. doing it right is too hard. but just doing it is fun. ,".... stooping polymathic z." ,anybody know who won? #supportgroupwouldnthurtrightnow ,no, i just can't watch. i won't. i am sick of politics as sports and only who won or lost counting, not policy or truth. (but: go, obama!) ,nyy = bho? i am afraid so, afraid for both. ,i know dodging and postponing my annual physical is childish. but isn't that a point in its favor? #iprayyougodfornoironicslapdown ,buck shows class, i must say. #alds good job, c.c. sabathia. ,last night's similarity to "it" was gratifying in its quantity, displaying "a lot" of growth in such similarity. #portraitofalipogram #jb-pr ,obloquy. i might start using that word a lot. ,now scott brown's winning thanks to #obamafail. i'm so angry at bho for phoning it in i could vomit. #compositionoflipogramsnotcalmingatall ,i know, i know, i'm lagging on my lipogrammatical posts. too much going on: writing + insomnia from writing = writing. but not posting. ,so who won? (josh marshall of is kind of grim, says bho was no good. i'm always grim thinking about this stuff anyway.) ,i'm sorry but i can't watch tonights's doings. anything obama blows i'd find awful, and i just can't look at mitt at all. ,i will gladly watch adama arguing with roslin via hulu, arguing about stuff that counts, in contrast to bho & wmr's talking points. #bsg ,brutalist and stupid, okay, but it turns out it's an urban joy to go biking up and down ramps and all around boston city hall plaza. sf-ish. ,1 #fix for last month. just "lyin' ryan" now. subtracting word marking growing quantity of how much ryan was lyin' (about marathon finish) ,puzzlingly, i didn't twig to this on turing's 100th birthday. thanks to ~bing, a virtual machina ab turing. , ,this forgiving stuff is hard, but has its points. as for my own wrong-doing, i can't think i'll obtain full pardon. not my own, i'm afraid. ,and i don't know what i think about obtaining pardon from who i did wrong to. that's always hard. ,my irritation was at a total void of clarity in thinking and judging. pardon is thinking and judging, why should i allow such thinking... ,...and judging to count now? i can't pardon such pardon. but i should try. naturally it's only notional. no communication has or will occur. ,so is it actually just a kind of brooding on what i should try to do and to think? ,i doubt that's all it is; i doubt that knowing this, thinking it out, is all i should do. ,it is all i can, though. as i say, this pardoning stuff is hard. #yomkippur ,"sub"standard football officiating last night, miscalling play & granting victory to a losing squad, puts us in mind of scotus scabs in 2000 ,@ r f: "dragoon" is what you had in mind, i am imagining. that works. #lipogrammaticaliambswithnoaffix ,"amok". (just adding to my list of hard-to-find lipogrammatical iambs without any affix.) ,@ r f happy birthday! ,will i look at this go-round's jil? doubtful. nothing to do in a storm (and of jovian proportions!) but stay in port. ,stop gop looting. obama 2012! #lipogrammaticalpoliticalslogansisupport ,shana tova. ,i know, i know. just too busy with school and stuff. and now packing in as much fun as i can, prior to 10 days of guilt and brooding. ,i was in my car. amazing clarity of that day, still luminous with mourning. 3 days of kindly, slow-motion driving by all, and no contrails. ,"mind-bogglingly stupid." wow! go vikings! ,nothing is too low for today's gop. just saying. ,world whirling through cooling rain. ,"it's not how long it is; it's how quickly you bring it out." --typical witticism, at a school function with no point but anxious joking. ,tomato blight, onion rot, drought (though corn is actually good in boston and surround right now). #csa ,more ryan lying: sub 3-hour marathon claim was a, um, fib, which ryan "took a lot of ribbing" for. good fun is all! ,want to multiply your "cat and girl" fun? how about a comic you could call "clint and chair"? ,#fix x 2 as i just took a monthly lipogrammatical dump (sorry) on lj and saw two violations of this account's founding constraint and point. ,otoh fun convo about that philip k. dick film about androids with woman at law school coop as i pay for motrin. #fix #sciaticaalmostpastbtw ,swift as a spirit to his task of glory and of good sun sprang forth: mask. -pbs, triumph #madlibcutdownlipogrammaticalquotation #fix ,. @ rbf is lipogrammatical fiction not as tough? i don't know. ,lying' ryan'. (as fox, too, is sayin': ,man, orthography is a bastard. ,oh, not much. looking around, thinking about what drops out of a lipogrammatically thought-about world: a lipogram as a kind of... ,vividly linguistic conscious filt... um, si... um, coland... um sifting thingy for a surprising snapshot of my world. #omphalosgazing ,"you know what's a fun activity, at a swamp?" j asks a buddy. "stork-startling." ,back in boston's suffocating humidity. and school starts thursday. i just can't support first days of class in august. #annualcomplaint ,“too rich for too long.” yup. ,gibbous moon on cc sound last night. imho: "a man" plus static. 8 of 12 still living. all 76+. (& paul is 70, ringo 72) #armstrong #apollo11 ,lipogrammatical worlds and what can occur in such worlds: factual on occasion, okay, but such facts mainly of a kind of fictitious cast... ,...anything quotidian transmogrifying into its own, possibly quixotic, avatar in a world that's imaginary, fantastic, fabulous, not ordinary ,august, not as in this month but as in an activity of him of hartford's imagination. #iambs #lipogrammaticaliambs ,infra tarmac, sand! #lipogrammaticaltranslation #situationists #pynchon ,modo on paul ryan's trimming: ,vacation plus sciatica = waking up to what i thought was a car alarm and finding it was a loud bird crying an unvarying "song." ,was a common sight: light, glory. it is not now. turn i may by night and day: things which i now can. --intimations. #wordsworth #idontknow ,lightning on bay, air full of distant rumbling and mountainous crashing, big awkward bug buzzing lamp-light. ,"this is ground control to major tom." #lipogrammaticalquotation #glamrock ,"your task is: not to finish too quickly." --sk ,"lamp is light in dust." --pbs #madlibcutdownlipogrammaticalquotation (or #mlcdlq) ,thus: "to thought i summon up things past." which is what's crucial in that lyric, no? #cutdownmadliblipogrammaticalquotation ,a sort of lipogrammatical mad lib: omit non-conforming words from a quotation and any ancilla that would clash with good grammar & post it. ,rainy truro. bad pizza in p-town. crappy lodgings. but still.... ,oh wait. now it looks as if missing posts, um, ain't. #noirandcriminalslangfrom30s ,wtf? what's up with missing posts on sciatica (still hurting, alas), pkd, motrin, and who knows what all? blank from 8/2-8/9 #oulifail ,i think this shows just what kind of capitalist tool mitt is. a bowl brush. in ryan's and nyquist's hands. ,paul fucking ryan? a charming liar and atrocious man. just an awful pick. my only consolation is if this spurs us to work hard for obama. ,mary astor (brigid) controls all action but humphry bogart (sam) controls all spatial (positional) conflict. it's a film, so sam wins. #mf ,ack! sciatica. not as bad as it could be (knock wood) but how thoroughly annoying. ,toa: "back splat". no kidding? ,dq: "i am always an optimist. but not in this world." (kafka-watt mash-up: "but not for us." "but not in this work.") lipogrammaticalquotes ,wait, is today fly-waking-up-day? i saw a caucus of 6, buzzing at a window & shining: rainbow torsos, rainbow wings. #issa #typhoid #mammon ,"such fun, such fun" and “didn’t it go by awfully fast?” from vidal's obituary. ,raving rationally. (kant) ,rip vidal. "lincoln" is an amazing book: contrary to plans, vidal's politics lost out to lincoln's charisma, and a good thing too. ,"i too... was wayward, vain,... shallow, sly, cowardly, malignant." --walt whitman ("too" is what counts.) #lipogrammaticalquotation #almost ,aw, solo! why? pourquoi? i'm a big fan but i gotta go with @brandichastain on this. not classy at all, not at all, ranting against chastain. ,also: "chick-fil-a"! i can say it! "chick-fil-a"! #omphalosgazing ,i find this politico story hilarious: "palin visits chick-fil-a". naturally! but i just didn't spot it coming. ,kids in class always find it shocking that jig is drinking in "hills." you just don't do that in a condition of that sort. ,"burnt norton", &c. (+3): okay, but just soul candy, if you think about it. ,or put it this way: think of abrams inhabiting our world for most of history's pathway from pbs to now. ,m.h. abrams is 100 today. pbs drowns in 1822, so that span, from 1822 to abrams's birth, is not as long as his birth till now. ,kids' sad subway trip back from sox loss to toronto. joy of anticipation, but now just trudging towards monday morning & august & school. ,physiognomy of sigla. how wordsworth's "i" is so smoothly a substitution for "ww". that's his doing. not so of stc, say "frost at midnight". ,victims in critical condition? tough shit if any can't pay for doctors' aid. why should i? who says i must? #colorado #gogop #fix #thanksr_f ,support mitt now! block socialists from capitalizing on such mass killings as an alibi to grab our guns!!!!!!! #colorado ,did i discuss coining my hybrid word "disqus-disgust": odd satisfaction in angrily flaming morons flaming back, thinking i'm a moron? #wsj ,ack! typo in my last. "... on ishiguru and mahfouz... what occurs in a story, vs. what isn't in it. two ways that things don't occur." ,class today on ishiguru and mahfouz. a bit of juxtaposition. what occurs in a stor, vs. what isn't in it. two ways that things don't occur. ,moronknick. #losinglin ,rt @skygak paul krugman is particularly good today: ,i finally got, last month, how that "antic disposition" was what yorick had taught him, and thus why yorick shows up. days of 1135 or so. ,.@ raf cty in pa. 19 days away. and, in my opinion, don't go looking up (up!) lakoff. ,picking up d and choking up too. #up #lakoffonassociationwithgoodthings ,hooray for bain capital! hooray for mitt and ann! it's pastry-for-99%-of-us day! #july14 ,talking in way sounding russian is making posting not so much hard as was. ,just noting an amazing catch in class today, with a pupil rightly comparing richard wright's "big black good man" to "sir gawain!" #lumping ,(oh, what a good plan. post-which i can ask all and sundry to think about comparing and contrasting individual thoughts.) (#fix) ,i am focussing on that sharp, bracing clarity, of air, of sight, of thought, that gin brings to twilight, or twilight to gin, on hot days. ,thus no distinguishing hadji murad from buffy, not by an iota. but no gap so big as that linguistic & psychic chasm riving watt from molloy. ,i said that lumping is worlds apart from splitting. totally antipodal. just as splitting is obviously and most profoundly a way of lumping. ,taught today about joys of lumping vs. thrills of splitting. you ask what stand i took?.... ,idiotically, i hadn't thought prior to now how sabbath day is an antipodal antiphony to god's cursing us with labor, topic of so much myth. ,say it ain't so, ray! #20. i'll miss your mom, anyhow. but out of you or rajon rondo, i must go for rondo. ,why, why, why is grass growing in such profusion through our walkway, splitting and crumbling its bricks, & so badly in our backyard? #fix ,crap! in profusion. ,on a roof during last night's july 4th downpour, i put up a thing that wards rain off (sorry, awkward)... ,...worrying only a bit about lightning. i was right to. it turns out that not far away a man and a woman got struck. (okay, though.) ,(as calvino's against lyricism.) ,i find lyricism in such unwitting lipograms as calvino's,... ,...as though lyricism is a kind of surprising skylark flight past all which would ordinarily allow only prosaic hobbling. ,"hand to hand combat...against autobiographical lyricism." -calvino on his book about his wwii youth. #lipogrammaticalquotation #2 #fix ,.@sravana hilariously witty of you. i hadn't thought to link 12 to 12. so no: this noonday son is - gasp! – 4:00 pm in mst. #fix ,oops: nothing monday. not as in louis xvi's famous diary for july 14th 1789; only distraction and so failing to post. thus two for today. #1 ,low class, that fourth goal, no? ,and now manny's just lost tv signal. what point is a sports bar? ,go italia! stop that kick! (right now spain is totally outplaying italy. scoring as i post. :( ) ,2 ( ! ) bs citations in 10 hours for parking within 15' of a hydrant. which i wasn't. fy 2012 showing a big shortfall, much? which i am. ,yours truly, but not with this quasinym (quasi as in sort of a), in #larb, on saramago's cain: ,by way of concluding this run: in ws windows turn fascinating. charismatic mains undo what counts as normal, undo its possibility.... ,and bring windows along. ,protagonists fight against such normal (for that world) assumptions. windows work by showing just what assumptions mains fight against. ,...a window can only show what's normal by not counting, in any individualizing way--just instantiating that world's background assumptions. ,protagonists do surprising things. norms or windows don't, axiomatically. so in fictional worlds.... ,i was thinking, in class, about why a window (or confidant) is always minor. fictional worlds don't match ours (that's what's fictional), so ,...a window shows what's normal in that fictional world, by anticipating (for us) what would normally occur. ,my syllabus is too long, but i can't think of anything i could cut. such things work out. but still. ,or picking a path across a rushing brook, hopping from rock to mossy rock to attain, what? a patch of dirt and fall panicum? #og ,yooouuuuukkkkk! also, 11 hours (651 m) of driving today, williamstown to franklin and marshall and back. ,picnicking on lawn as diana krall warms up - as good a day for it as you could want: 70, sunny, bright and calm. #fix (thanks raf) ,.@sravana hilariously witty of you. i hadn't thought to peg 12 to 12. so no: this noonday son is - gasp! - what would be a military 4:00 pm. ,i am sitting in a mad-dog noonday sun to watch my noonday son play association football (as i must call it) in ma's u16 championships. #mtoc ,i am an aficionado of jargon. (hashtag #toa; oa = "of art"): so noting, joyfully, "cascading bug" is my post for today. ,i forgot just how good a gin and tonic is on hot days. damn good. ,and i was always taught, and try to follow that dictum now, to turn into any skid. #omphalosgazing ,a kind of fragility arising from wrong turns that so many oddly blinking linguistic signs randomly light up. wrong turns and skids. ,so thinking it again this way has its own worth: that of working at thinking it out, putting it with a kind of fragility. ,that thought too, in fact. but not in a formulation that could pass in this array of posts. ,this occurs a lot: i think a good thought, think about putting it down, do occasionally put it down, & in a bit find my old writing said it. ,how things drift down into normalcy. it's turning into just a daily task now, as tooth-brushing is, to put up a post. but that's ok too. #og ,scratch my last. dq is not an a 2012, it unluckily turns out. a no-show a ruins his ranking, which is now b 2012. just wait till fall! ,a 2012! (foil) #dq ,word known to all. #bloomsday ,bloomsday + 112. #smp #grammar #initials (p for poldy). ,bho doing a good thing - moratorium for kids with us childhoods: i strongly doubt mitt can undo this, politically. ,alas, i am by contrast many, many, many months from anything approaching catching up with @lrb. ,i am, amazingly, caught up with tls. (including 6/8 copy with waggish writing in.) on no occasion could i claim this. until now. ,in nyc again. today is actual moving day. luckily i didn't grow up in old digs. said goodby to my room, as it still is in my mind, long ago. ,not much. looking, as i do most mornings, if l@rb has put up my bit on saramago, which was to go up 6/2. finding, as i do most mornings: no. ,a day of dazzling, capacious, invigorating sun and sand, light rarifying outwards & back into a cool, airy, still scintillating nightfall. ,aw snap! good for j's soul though losing no doubt is, it's sad too. what's good for your soul always is. #boston #miami ,back in yarmouth, on a coupon, again. fish and convo at olga's and c's (and shy dog, now making 3) as night drifts down through salty air. ,"o, my back, my back, my bach!" -fsw (pun on "brook" in addition to musicians.) it's always good to think of your company in quotidian pain. ,fucking wisconsin. fucking koch 1 and koch 2. fucking scotus (instructing montana to stop using its anti-corruption law). in a word: fuck. ,back in nyc for a night, again. driving + moving = tiring. ,jubilant radio sportscast: boston has "split da script!" (boston lost 12 months ago in just this situation.) #datworks #bahstahn ,b-but how can i know if i want to consult a wantologist or not? ,amazing johan santana! #finally #nojimmyqualls ,nothing worth posting about in what i was busy with, which is partly why i forgot. and which confirms what i find, viz…. ,…that disciplining how i do say important things is in fact a kind of thinking through (or so i think). #omphalosgazing ,ack - too busy to post (plus i plum forgot). counting this, i am catching up with two today. #og (?) ,or: psychoanalytic vs. just noisy parapraxis? #og ,so: 2 “road”s: why that bandwidth-consuming slip 3 days ago? wordsworth (subjugation of swiss) vs. frost? ws 144? lipogram vs. #typotypical? ,not that i plan on any #typotypical posts in this account. but now i can discuss #typtics (!) using a hashtag for phantom juxtapositioning. ,introducing… a sub-hashtag for #omphalosgazing posts: “#typotypical” (short for typographically-typical) by way of contrast w/ lipogrammatic ,bit.ly, i am glad to find, has a (mainly) constraint-harmonious algorithm for its tiny urls. to avoid confusing, artifactual quasi-words? ,i don't know why i put two roads in my last. typo? or unconscious allusion to frost? ,city on a hot holiday: that quality of void, dusty roads roads, blank, not going towards or away from anything, just width plopping down. ,transit of la cyprian (v. paradiso 8:2: "la ciprigna"), night of 6/5-6/6 by location: http://t.co/gyyfm076. last till 2117. #mason&dixon ,#mib3 - july 15, 1969 was not a full moon, yo! no moon at all that night, in fact (from our pov). and guys had no hats post-jfk. #funfilm ,-@ r b f thank you. "focus": a lot. partly i think on account of it's, um, vicarious. so focusing is a good way to think - to focus! ,okay - 7 posts will do for today. for today: /#omphalosgazing ,as, for my dad, living this long is now turning his full past awkward, from 13 on, anyhow. only now, but now is what counts, now. ,things possibly too awkward to say or follow up? but now i can say awkward things awkwardly: i think this is how i am thinking about it. ,too odd for a lipogram? i don't think so. my ambition is to think slowly about how to say things in ways i might not, could not normally. ,for my dad, living this long is an indication of how long willy didn't, how long ago that all was, how past, how lost, how missing. ,hashtag for that last post: #packingphotos & stuff from his sibling, kia at 18. my dad was 13 & mourns him now, again. ,so, #shitmydadsays (my dad) turns now into a sad thing, not hilariously impious as in c. 1985. mourning & loss, & i mourn for his hilarity. ,back in boston again (biba!) buzzing from way too much java, prior to which, driving was way too soporific. #imissbibafoodhall ,i forgot my (fancy) watch at my gym last night. i am glad to say i found it this morning, as i plan on giving it to d, to mislay and mourn. ,quick visit to ny tomorrow to aid folks moving out of just sold co-op, slim profit on which should pay monthly costs till--for a bit anyhow. ,"solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short." famous, and not so short, anyhow, this lipogrammatical window. #lipogrammaticalquotation ,oh, and that last is @shaviro too. ,boston - blown win city. #lastnightvsphilly #sox #patriots #fix ,again, @ j and sm: pbs is not as obvious post-public tv. "julian and maddalo" calls him julian, for his apostasy. (thus our julian.) ,and @ scott: thomas taylor, platonist, is a grand thought. stc could, i grant, count through initials as almost all would know who that was. ,this is @ jay, and karin - if i could podcast within my (syllabus-dictating) constraint, i would. but i must say i doubt any human could. ,syllabus: romanticism, its background, & its victorian forms: john milton, william wordsworth, lord byron, both brownings, william morris. ,rt @skygak: i thought “bishop bob" was my dad's sibling. all my family said so, if i did anything good. but no: i'm his natural son! ,jargon for today (from paul krugman): "bank jog." almost a bank run. panic, but in slow motion. ,what a ridiculous day. nothing (including many timid, noncommittal participants) is so yucky as sanctimonious lying. today was full of it. ,what's bad about attaining (a touch of) fluidity in my posts is this: if form is inconspicuous, a normal-sounding post is a boring post. #og ,slogan for a strain of 20th c philosophy: ontology capitulating to philology. (and by conforming to my constraint it shows what it says) #og ,f. murray abraham was watching too. but also didn't stay for talkback. unsurprisingly. #fix ,christina ricci! i got to watch cr in mnd. addams family! buffalo 66! postplay i did a talkback. but cr didn't stay. wondrous production. ,i should look back at adair's black bird, his voluminous lipogrammatical #fix, in a void, of arthur gordon pym's (as gp calls him) original. ,"...linking fancy unto fancy, thinking [of] this grim, ungainly, ghastly, gaunt and ominous bird..." #lipogrammaticalquotation #ofis4grammar ,a dwarfishly gigantic class of haphazard words: moving forward bit by bit, but with glacial sloth and purgatorial contortion. #og ,um, @ r b f, i can't find your last? but thank you for it. i think my facility at this is improving, but slowly, by dribs and drabs. ,go hawks! chant your fascist chants at philips in atlanta! my kids want that 6th playoff confrontation back in boston. #tixforthursdaynight ,writing for larb on "pathological altruism" i am coining this jargon to talk about flaming displays of indignation: "disqus disgust." ,i am thinking again about analytic cool (that is, how a psychoanalyst by staying blank confronts an analysand with an archaic provocation). ,julian is in a u12 foil bout. i am containing mild continuous fury about iffy call upon iffy call. ,tgif, is all i want to say. not that it was a friday i found particularly gratifying. but it was a friday (& all days gratify: #lightandair) ,hashtags for that last post: i can't in public. i can say that in our various world, public or not, much cash is not proof of much insight. ,knowingly knownothing: so many of that kind, proud of not having to know how various our world is: all that counts is staying robustly huffy ,last day of school. of class, that is. loudly sing, cuckoo! for a month or so, anyhow. ,rip: amarillo slim ,_@ scott martin: analytic cool as in classical analysis - withholding any judging, absorbing all you say, without hazarding why you say it. ,damn this gift wrap - in bright light it's practically diaphanous. not in a good way. so much for surprising l, who saw right through it. ,coolhunting: why would you do that? if cool is what psychoanalysts do (what good analysts do), is hunting it imitating or dodging or both? ,oh, rondo! #zizou not as bad, but still. pourquoi? pourquoi? pourquoi? ,"my grandad" (quoting byron) - my otata - was born 16 days post lw, surviving him until march 1989, so almost until this world, now. ,4/29/51, 3 days past his 62nd, obit lw, waking up to find "it is raining" (a quotation from oc's last aphorism). pro-human, pro-illusion. ,i find what occurs a lot in posts to this account is inquiry into odd formulations for what i think, changing how i think. #omphalosgazing ,from now on i’ll hashtag #og, if i must, as short for #omphalosgazing (not original gangsta). #roomtodayforfullhashtagplus ,siri said: cloudy, but no rain, don't worry. which is why i was biking through hail today. thanks boston, thanks yahoo! ,i got my only #ff last friday. though i admit i don't actually post ff's. so i am just noting this on account of it's friday. (cf. r. black) ,whoa! lw's birthday. i had occasion to post quotations from tlp last month. and pi is always on my mind. and his last book, oc. (4/26/1889) ,#lipogrammaticalquotation: jm on wrong, youthful doubt about proust: "a world abruptly old...young, i mistook it for an unconvincing trick." ,and now back to plowing through pathological altruism for larb short for what, i can't say, but i think this is a standard & so ok acronym. ,again @ raf, i'm just flagging how many posts discuss, in lipogram, how i follow my lipogrammatical constraint. so: hashtag #omphalosgazing. ,talk about #omphalosgazing! post about post about post about how it’s all ok & how your most scrupulous curiosity would find nothing amiss. ,ok "alison b" is a touch unfair. but j is short for julian, fwiw--no paltry dodging in that post. & fwif is short for “for what it's worth." ,i think it's ok to say "alison b" as i did in my last (& as i had to), partly on account of i know, that is got to talk to, alison b a bit. ,got alison b's graphic autobiography part 2 (synonymous with "art thou my mom?") 10 days prior to official publication, at a local bookshop! ,or an irwin scrim, light lost in its own absorption by a lucid, airy, haunting sfumato. ,in our upstairs window (j is watching an out-of-sight tv), a soft diffusion of lamplight and dimly changing colors is a night-hung olitski. ,singular plurals and strong pasts and conjunctions of nouns and pronouns, all just so much colorful lint for #lipogrammaticalomphalosgazing ,i was struck again tonight by that odd, horizontal, bonnardian luminosity of gray that marks april's latish, dusky, radiant civic twilights. ,i am noticing many "lipogrammatical windows" (that's standard jargon, right?). what a way to monitor a minor but actual stylistic tonality. ,"quoth” it turns out, has its origin in a word that has nothing to do w/ quoting; its root is a synonym for "talk" or “say.” ,just as fascinating: it’s always aorist (past), and any quotation it tags is first. syntax is: “[quotation]” quoth [noun/pronoun who quoth] ,thus dromio (i can’t say which):” “…pig,' quoth i, 'is burn'd' “ ,i so wish i could rt what @christianbok said of this account. i find his work thrilling. but quoting it wouldn’t conform to my constraints. ,an additional day to mail in form 4868, what with 2/29 and patriot's day and all! but now 10/15 starts looming. #automaticforuslaggards ,ants in my pants! truly! okay, just an ant. but still. damn hot april days. (but it's important it wasn't a tick.) ,bacon or oxford syllabus? much ado about nothing, what you will, king john, richard iii, richard ii, titus, coriolanus, timon. sorta works. ,today: 7th symphony, coriolan (i didn't know it), & opus 61 in d major (all ludwig van, as my droog calls him, all violin) at symphony hall. ,totally fascinating: a painting which is a sort of shot-by-shot story board of da vinci working on la giocanda ,not a day will pass but i think about skydiving: a capacious background against which i am continually, if tacitly, visualizing all i do. ,a pal says, about my lipogrammatical posts, that many sound right only for crossword prompts or hints. alas if that's so but what can i do? ,i find, nowadays, that i am imagining what i put down in ink will flag and fix any anomaly (as ms-word has, again and again, to a fault). ,unimportant thing of us forgot (to nod at oxford or bacon or that man from stratford): last night's post. so, two for today. ,howling wind today, as though laura riding's riding its vagrant, giddy mood. #thismorningridingsminion ,in yarmouth on a living social coupon - walking unfamiliar trails off 28, and dropping tons of cash at isaiah thomas books. saw olga friday. ,young(ish) saramago's short fiction: a sort of combination of tolstoy and philip k. dick, as rigorous as both, and in similar ways. ,situation normal: all flox up. #springsnafu #april6 ,"....fraught with background...." --from that book "imitation" (sort of, synonymously), in that part about abraham and isaac #quotation ,obviously i don't look at it that way, as my quoting "mr." shows, & as this bit.ly url for gadsby must also signal: ,found out today that wright’s purity, in gadsby, disallows innocuous and standard words. "mr.” or any similar honorific, is out of bounds. ,a cool thing about pvd was passing lots of giants downtown looming from big nazo lab's windows. i saw many at school in 2010 (i think 2010). ,um, @raf, i think you'll find only two airy's. not that major a word in this account's vocabulary, but a good combination: light & spacious. ,wait @rbf what's wrong with "airy"? why wouldn't it work? i think it totally works - it sings two kinds of light, both radiant, both light. ,sorry, #omphalos-gazing again, noticing how lipogrammatical posts put you in mind of bird ossifications, light hollow airy flutings. ,didn't follow my last? it starts (said aloud) "waka waka bang splat tick tick hash." copy and bing that for all of it, and for its authors. ,april 1st ditty (by fb and sk): < > !* ' ' # ^ " ` $$- !*=@$_ %*< > ~ #4 &[ ]../ |{,,halt ,i am at acla, just by-standing with j and d as l talks, and just plain buying too damn many amazing books i can't possibly afford (or list). ,can't fathom how much work is facing him this month, & so happily succumbs to distractions (including formulating this post). ,i thought i’d found a lipogrammatical window in ammons’ “city limits.” i was wrong. “air or vacuum, snow or [ ], squid or wolf” #vacuum ,this sublingo within our "lingua franca" calls china m's city & city to mind: a rough-cut mosaic crazing through our linguistic map. ,but what about in lipogrammatical communication? can you still say anything you might want to? at what point do constraints turn disabling? ,no linguistic limits, said lw, in what you could call his philosophical instigations contra his tractatus logico-philosophicus. ,what do i find by doing this lipogrammatic writing? an unknown world w/i our own normal quotidian? or just a stunt or stump of such a world? ,brunch and walk today in rainy boston with @shaviro, who was in town for #scms12. ,what's not fair about wrong orthography is that it allows any random substitution at all, if you just claim it shows raffish individuality. ,is imagining that orthography could blow up on him, as wrong orthography (good faith or not) isn't fair. ,"wild civility." "in silks, my julia" --rh #twobitsofquotation ,hashtag for that last post: #omphalosgazingagain (for all posts that claim that laboring for lipogrammatical purity is uplifting!) ,it’s as though almost any fitting word is surprisingly light and airy, its assonant sounds oddly unclaustral, oddly luminous. #hashtagtk ,oops! as poor gov. rick p. (tx) said. i forgot to post today. till now. (plan is to day-in day-out without fail.) #fix (for 3/19/12) ,clarification, con’t: thus, “conjunction”, as in astrology and astronomy; and also “and, but, for, &c.” as in biblical paratactic narration. ,by way of clarification: both our starry sky's, and our grammar's, conjunctions signify unchanging mutability and flux. #mutabilitycantos ,sky, grammar: both show, / moving always onwards, how / all things pass away. #companionhaikuforfirstdayofspring ,first day of spring. horizon / full of conjunction / and parataxis. #haiku ,...or put it this way: against a background scrim of normal distributions, within paragraphs, propositions, words, &c., unto tiny phonons. ,such words just look wild and whirling (my lord), look disjoint from that blur of markov chains which is our normal typographical background ,(aiming this @ alyssa on fb from my tw account, viz. @lipogrammatical) so many "wild and whirling words" (horatio) conform to my constraint. ,non-lipogrammatical words in um, sorry, ***. not normal, just common. a good analogy to what rainbow flag boston "bumpah stickahs" also say. ,is noticing how much promiscuous polymorphous playing "non-normal" words (in quotation marks) do, marginally, in "normal" writing. ,wrt an inquiry, i am noting that i avoid acronyms as much as i can, but gp, most amazing of lipogrammarians, is mainly okay with that trick. ,quoting it as "glitt'ring" (as i had to) is, i must admit, obvious fudging, unhappily distorting both rhythm and color. ,it's cold and dull: a typical, typically shabby, boston spring day. ,"oh how that glitt'ring"; "dark, mutinous shannon"; "sparks fly upwards" as do words, prior to falling, galling, gashing gold conclusions. ,and wayward too, in a way: that's what's captivatingly odd. i could call any such assonantial moods "dark mutinous shannon waifs." ,(a moody sonority in such quotations, sonority of phrasing and of color: cf: "dark, mutinous, shannon..." [jj]) ,"ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country." -jfk #lipogrammaticalquotation ,"form's what affirms," says jm, only half-jokingly. #lipogrammaticquotation ,and now it's sunny, and: lo, this spring's first blackfly, washing its hands with light. #issa #typhoid or #mammon ,rainy and warm today - a sad, blank spring day, waiting around for nothing, as though this light rain is waiting for it to stop raining too. ,also thought, and said (now, obviously: by typing this, not by saying it aloud), "thank all linguistic gods for strong aorists." #fix ,again chirping - that is, forwarding chirps on. (chirps lipogrammatically stand for you know what.) #fix ,forgot, just for a flash, that "againchirping" is a violation of this account's lipogrammatical constraints. sorry, alyssa! ,saw tarr's amazing a torinói ló last night. it's a gripping, profound, and stunning account of labor and of pain, both action, both passion. ,by way of contrast g. adair (rip 12/8/11) could know, using ms-word, a void's (that is, his translation's) total lipogrammatical purity. ,(and how did i not twig to this, that oulipo contains "...lipo"?) ,gp (as i must call him), though bold & brilliant, was always afraid that a viral handful still hid among his thousands & thousands of words. ,as i said to @shaviro, it's strikingly hard to lay so many affably unassuming ghosts. much #fixing still looms, unavoidably. ,#fix is an indication that i had to fix a post containing that unlipogrammatical siglum, fifth in our abc. so far, 5 bad posts got a #fix. ,that first post was just by way of announcing what i plan. as for what i'm noting today, just this: no insight without constraint. #fix ,that post on our march day today could hashtag ws: #sunthismarch #fix ,alas, i think an implication of this constraint is that i can pass along almost no posts from any folks i follow. #againchirp #canting #fix ,cold and an outlook for cold all day. march, in a gloomy-saturday mood, probably wasn't told about la niña, or just won't play along. #fix ,my plan is to post daily, if i can, following a gadsby-ian lipogrammatical constraint. why, you may ask? #whynot? 